[doc] Add information about downloading pre-built bitstreams (#11716)
lowRISC/opentitan: doc/getting_started/setup_fpga.md

* [Obtain an FPGA board]({{< relref "fpga_boards.md" >}})

## Obtain an FPGA bitstream

To run OpenTitan on an FPGA, you will need an FPGA bitstream.
You can either download the latest bitstream for the ChipWhisperer CW310 board or build it yourself.

### Download a Pre-built Bitstream

If you are using the ChipWhisperer CW310 board with the Xilinx Kintex 7 XC7K410T FPGA, you can download the latest passing [pre-built bitstream](http://storage.googleapis.com/opentitan-bitstreams/master/latest/latest-bitstreams.tar.gz). 

> For example, to download the bitstream, run the following:

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
For example, to download and unpack the bitstream, run the following:
```

```console
$ cd $REPO_TOP
$ mkdir -p build-bin/hw/top_earlgrey
$ cd build-bin/hw/top_earlgrey
$ curl https://storage.googleapis.com/opentitan-bitstreams/master/latest/latest-bitstreams.tar.gz -o latest-bitstreams.tar.gz
$ tar -xvf latest-bitstreams.tar.gz
```

By default, the bitstream contains a version of the boot ROM used for testing (pulled from `sw/device/lib/testing/test_rom`).

> The included `rom.mmi` file is a version of the production mask ROM that can be spliced into the bitstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The included `rom.mmi` file is a version of the boot ROM used in production (called the _mask ROM_; pulled from `sw/device/silicon_creator/mask_rom`). This can be spliced into the bitstream to overwrite the testing boot ROM using a script in our repo.
```
